wifi: Scan extensions (#12008)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/shell/README.rst

   * - Subcommands
     - Description
   * - scan
     - | Scan for Wi-Fi APs
       | OPTIONS:

>        | [-t, --type <active / passive>] : Preferred mode of scan. The actual mode
>        | of scan can depend on factors such as the Wi-Fi chip implementation,
>        | regulatory domain restrictions etc. Default type is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       | [-t, --type <active/passive>] : Preferred mode of scan. The actual mode
       | of scan can depend on factors such as the Wi-Fi chip implementation,
       | regulatory domain restrictions. Default type is active.
```

       | [-b, --bands <Comma separated list of band values (2/5/6)>] : Bands to be
       | scanned where 2: 2.4 GHz, 5: 5 GHz, 6: 6 GHz.
       | [-a, --dwell_time_active <val_in_ms>] : Active scan dwell time (in ms) on

>        | a channel. Range 5 - 1000 ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       | a channel. Range 5 ms to 1000 ms.
```

       | [-p, --dwell_time_passive <val_in_ms>] : Passive scan dwell time (in ms)

>        | on a channel. Range 10 - 1000 ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       | on a channel. Range 10 ms to 1000 ms.
```

       | [-s, --ssid <Comma separate list of SSIDs>] : SSID list to scan for.

>        | [-m, --max_bss <val>] : Max BSSIDs to scan for. Range 1 - 65535.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       | [-m, --max_bss <val>] : Maximum BSSIDs to scan for. Range 1–65535.
```

       | [-c, --chan <Comma separated list of channel ranges>] : Channels to be

>        | scanned. The channels have to be specified in the form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       | scanned. The channels must be specified in the form
```

>        | band1:chan1,chan2_band2:chan3,..etc. The chan has to be a list of comma

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       | band1:chan1,chan2_band2:chan3,..etc. The channel has to be a list of comma
```

Author: This was intended to refer to chan1, chan2 etc. Updated the comment accordingly.

       | separated values where each value is either a single channel or a channel

>        | range specified as chan_start-chan_end. Each band channel set has to be
>        | separated by a _. E.g. a valid channel specification can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       | range specified as chan_start-chan_end. Each band channel set must be
       | separated by a _. For example, a valid channel specification can be
```
